
                                                    Broccoli is a vegetable that is popular throughout the United States, but it can be grown only in temperate climates with mild summers. Because of this limitation, 90 percent of the broccoli consumed in the United States is grown in the cooler regions of California, on the West Coast. It must be shipped 4,000 kilometers across the entire country to reach the populous East Coast.
This situation may soon change, however: scientists are attempting to create a new type of broccoli that can be grown on the East Coast despite the hotter summers there. This project has several potential benefits.
First, growing broccoli on the East Coast and distributing it to nearby grocery stores would lower broccoli costs for consumers. Transporting the vegetable from California by truck takes several days, which makes transportation costs high. Growing broccoli locally would reduce transportation costs, so stores could sell broccoli for less money.
Second, the new type of broccoli will probably be much more desirable to consumers than some other new crops. The new broccoli is being created using traditional breeding techniques: researchers are crossbreeding broccoli with other similar plants that have desirable characteristics, such as resistance to hot summers. Other new crops—varieties of squash or maize, for example—were created using genetic modification technology. Genetically modified crops are very controversial: many consumers believe they are unsafe and so reject them. However, the new broccoli will not be in that category.
Third, vegetables are healthiest to eat right after they are harvested because they retain most of their beneficial nutrients and vitamins. The longer it takes for a vegetable like broccoli to reach consumers, the fewer nutrients and vitamins it contains. Broccoli that is grown locally can be eaten much sooner after it is cut, which will make this new broccoli healthier for East Coast residents than California broccoli.                                            
